Nothing is so difficult as not deceiving oneself.
Don't wait to be successful at some future point. Have a successful relationship with the present moment and be fully present in whatever you are doing. That is success.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
Don't ignore your dreams; don't work too much; say what you think; cultivate friendships; be happy.
I was an ordinary person who studied hard. There are no miracle people. It happens they get interested in this thing and they learn all this stuff, but they're just people.
There are more things, Lucilius, that frighten us than injure us, and we suffer more in imagination than in reality.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Fate leads the willing, and drags along the reluctant.
Life, if well lived, is long enough.
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
All cruelty springs from weakness.
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect.
Don't use your energy to worry. Use your energy to create, to love, to hope and believe.
There are some people who would never have fallen in love if they had not heard there was such a thing.
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.
If you are a creep in the dark, you are a creep in the light.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
A man who does not plan long ahead will find trouble at his door.
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
Pensiero Profondo Parola Protratta Ritratto Promessa Ritorno Protetta Trascino
Il faut cultiver notre jardin.
Was mich nicht umbringt, macht mich starker.
